hi guys how are you doing I'm back again
and I'm back this time to show you guys
my new hairdo like check it out I
haven't done anything to this way but
anyway this is the week that I've been
promising you guys for 2-3 months now
it's actually a wig that I got I got it
in the mail yesterday and I decided to
put it on today today's Friday and I'm
probably gonna go out and have a couple
of drinks with my friends so I decided
to just throw it on and see what I can
come up with I like you because you
could see I haven't cut anything I
haven't done anything I just do it on
and use some bobby pins and push my hair
in the front up and do the same thing on
this side and so I could obtain this
little bang or whatever
I plan on cutting it and styling it as
it gets older but right now I'm just
gonna enjoy the little straw curls look
or whatever I I have this wig like I
told you guys before I ordered this week
before and I had plans to do a review
but I never got around to it and the
other one that I had it's the same exact
way guy just got it in 1b 30 and it got
old I got really afro ish and very big
what I did was I cut it as I go in and I
was shaping to this cute little kind of
like a afro whenever I don't want to
wear my hair out I could just wear that
it's in 1b 30 and now I probably plan on
doing the same thing to this one as I'm
the only exception I don't plan on
cutting this one too short because I cut
the one the other one a lot so tame it
down or maybe I may end up cutting it
because it gets really wild as it gets
older but anyway this is the picture
this is a picture that came with the wig
her name is Shelley I purchased her from
Hale wig Harlem calm and I think it was
$23.99 and the color that I have this
one is the number 4 because they didn't
have any more one be 30 and the other
one that I had is another one be 30 what
I will do because I know this is not
showing you guys a lot of the way I will
post some pictures of the old one that I
have or you know now you know what it
looks like in the beginning so I'm gonna
post some pictures of would it look like
a few months later but keep in mind that
I didn't do my part I didn't take care
of it like I was supposed to so that's
why I think mines look super bushy but I
like that look so that look doesn't
really bother me but if you're a person
that wants something a little bit you
know in the curly side this is
definitely for you this wig in my
opinion is a very good afro a very good
afro wig if you just want to wear your
hair out and you don't feel like taking
your braids out or doing all that stuff
this is definitely a good alternative
and I like that is very versatile in my
opinion you can even do a style where
you could see how my hair is like pinned
up all over but you could push your hair
back and put like a cute little headband
and just have the curls flowing back you
can't do so many different cute little
styles with this hair and definitely go
out go you know go to war with your
scissors to come up with more stuff
it's a deaf it's very versatile I got I
love that about it the UM it reminds me
of Drew but the only difference this one
has the same texture all over as opposed
to drew that I only had like some curly
pieces in the front and some bushy
pieces in the back and of course this is
not a lace front it has it doesn't have
any cons it doesn't have any of that it
just has two too strong I'm sorry to tab
they are the tabs in the back to connect
it to adjust the two adjustable
adjustable tabs in the back and that's
all it has it doesn't come with any
combs and I kind of like that because of
the fact that because it doesn't have
any columns I can kind of pin it all the
way back if I want to and it has some
ear tabs I guess that's supposed to be
like right here but I pushed those back
so I could make it look a little bit
more realistic with my hair this is a
number four however I think I should
have gotten a number one B or number two
because my hair it's a little bit darker
than it I just washed my hair so I
didn't add no gel to my hair or another
Jo that I usually use
so that's why my hair is not laying down
the way it should but I don't want to
put any gel in my hair because I just
washed it and usually I only gel my hair
closer to wash day so that way I don't
have to keep having to wash my hair
because gel tend to leave a lot of
residue in my hair but this is it I will
be posting some pictures like I promised
and this is Shelley you guys can pick
her up a hair week column and the price
is $23.99 you guys have a wonderful
weekend bye
you